README.md, before:

# Alec Gargett Conditional Copyleft Creative License
 
This license conditionally grants rights for anyone to view, study, use (publicly or privately), link, share, copy, publish, distribute, profit from, sublicense or modify this work including any and all source code and any modifications on the conditions that:

1) The artist or author (myself) is credited clearly and at least as clearly as fair and practical for the work and for the portion of the derivitive work that is his.

2) If any profits are made from the work or from a derivitive product:

i) The artist or author (myself) is informed promptly and within a month;

ii) If alive and able to communicate, the artist or author (myself) is promptly paid at least a fair percentage of any profits;

iii) If dead or not able to communicate, the artist or author (myself)'s heirs are paid at least this percentage;

iv) The percentage paid will be at least any fair percentage requested by the artist or author (myself) between 0% and 50% of the additional profit resulting from the contribution of the artist or author (myself), or if no fair request is made, at least the half of the percentage of value added by the contribution of the artist or author (myself) (Note: where additional profits resulting from the contribution of the artist or author (myself) are negligible, the fair percentage to be paid will be 0);

3) Any sublicensing will include all of the conditions in this license.

The Alec Gargett Conditional Copyleft Creative License is itself a work licensed under the Alec Gargett Conditional Copyleft Creative License

Commit message:

Summary: permission to use with fair attribution where convenient, and fair payment in cases of large increases in profits resulting from that use.

README.md, after:

# Alec Gargett Conditional Copyleft Creative License

Summary: permission to use with fair attribution where convenient, and fair payment in cases of large increases in profits resulting from that use.

This license conditionally grants rights for anyone to view, study, use (publicly or privately), link, share, copy, publish, distribute, profit from, sublicense or modify this work including any and all source code and any modifications on the conditions that:

1) The artist or author (myself) is credited clearly and at least as clearly as fair and practical for the work and for the portion of the derivitive work that is his.

2) If any profits are made from the work or from a derivitive product:

i) The artist or author (myself) is informed promptly and within a month;

ii) If alive and able to communicate, the artist or author (myself) is promptly paid at least a fair percentage of any profits;

iii) If dead or not able to communicate, the artist or author (myself)'s heirs are paid at least this percentage;

iv) The percentage paid will be at least any fair percentage requested by the artist or author (myself) between 0% and 50% of the additional profit resulting from the contribution of the artist or author (myself), or if no fair request is made, at least the half of the percentage of value added by the contribution of the artist or author (myself) (Note: where additional profits resulting from the contribution of the artist or author (myself) are negligible, the fair percentage to be paid will be 0);

3) Any sublicensing will include all of the conditions in this license.

The Alec Gargett Conditional Copyleft Creative License is itself a work licensed under the Alec Gargett Conditional Copyleft Creative License
